{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red55\green57\blue60;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red15\green118\blue174;\red34\green175\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c27843\c28627\c30196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c70196;\cssrgb\c0\c54118\c73725;\cssrgb\c12549\c74510\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Context\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 It is important that credit card companies are able to recognize fraudulent credit card transactions so that customers are not charged for items that they did not purchase.\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 Content\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 The datasets contains transactions made by credit cards in September 2013 by european cardholders. This dataset presents transactions that occurred in two days, where we have 492 frauds out of 284,807 transactions. The dataset is highly unbalanced, the positive class (frauds) account for 0.172% of all transactions.\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 It contains only numerical input variables which are the result of a PCA transformation. Unfortunately, due to confidentiality issues, we cannot provide the original features and more background information about the data. Features V1, V2, ... V28 are the principal components obtained with PCA, the only features which have not been transformed with PCA are 'Time' and 'Amount'. Feature 'Time' contains the seconds elapsed between each transaction and the first transaction in the dataset. The feature 'Amount' is the transaction Amount, this feature can be used for example-dependant cost-senstive learning. Feature 'Class' is the response variable and it takes value 1 in case of fraud and 0 otherwise.\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 Inspiration\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 Identify fraudulent credit card transactions.\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 Given the class imbalance ratio, we recommend measuring the accuracy using the Area Under the Precision-Recall Curve (AUPRC). Confusion matrix accuracy is not meaningful for unbalanced classification.\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 Acknowledgements\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 The dataset has been collected and analysed during a research collaboration of Worldline and the Machine Learning Group ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://mlg.ulb.ac.be/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 http://mlg.ulb.ac.be}}) of ULB (Universit\'e9 Libre de Bruxelles) on big data mining and fraud detection. More details on current and past projects on related topics are available on {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/project/Fraud-detection-5"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 https://www.researchgate.net/project/Fraud-detection-5}} and the page of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://mlg.ulb.ac.be/wordpress/portfolio_page/defeatfraud-assessment-and-validation-of-deep-feature-engineering-and-learning-solutions-for-fraud-detection/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 DefeatFraud}} project\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 Please cite the following works:\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Andrea Dal Pozzolo, Olivier Caelen, Reid A. Johnson and Gianluca Bontempi. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/283349138_Calibrating_Probability_with_Undersampling_for_Unbalanced_Classification"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 Calibrating Probability with Undersampling for Unbalanced Classification.}} In Symposium on Computational Intelligence and Data Mining (CIDM), IEEE, 2015\cf0 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Dal Pozzolo, Andrea; Caelen, Olivier; Le Borgne, Yann-Ael; Waterschoot, Serge; Bontempi, Gianluca. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/260837261_Learned_lessons_in_credit_card_fraud_detection_from_a_practitioner_perspective"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 Learned lessons in credit card fraud detection from a practitioner perspective}}, Expert systems with applications,41,10,4915-4928,2014, Pergamon\cf0 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Dal Pozzolo, Andrea; Boracchi, Giacomo; Caelen, Olivier; Alippi, Cesare; Bontempi, Gianluca. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/319867396_Credit_Card_Fraud_Detection_A_Realistic_Modeling_and_a_Novel_Learning_Strategy"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 Credit card fraud detection: a realistic modeling and a novel learning strategy,}} IEEE transactions on neural networks and learning systems,29,8,3784-3797,2018,IEEE\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Dal Pozzolo, Andrea {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://di.ulb.ac.be/map/adalpozz/pdf/Dalpozzolo2015PhD.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 Adaptive Machine learning for credit card fraud detection}} ULB MLG PhD thesis (supervised by G. Bontempi)\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Carcillo, Fabrizio; Dal Pozzolo, Andrea; Le Borgne, Yann-A\'ebl; Caelen, Olivier; Mazzer, Yannis; Bontempi, Gianluca. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/319616537_SCARFF_a_Scalable_Framework_for_Streaming_Credit_Card_Fraud_Detection_with_Spark"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Scarff: a scalable framework for streaming credit card fraud detection with Spark}}, Information fusion,41, 182-194,2018,Elsevier\cf0 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Carcillo, Fabrizio; Le Borgne, Yann-A\'ebl; Caelen, Olivier; Bontempi, Gianluca. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/324615588_Streaming_Active_Learning_Strategies_for_Real-Life_Credit_Card_Fraud_Detection_Assessment_and_Visualization"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 Streaming active learning strategies for real-life credit card fraud detection: assessment and visualization,}} International Journal of Data Science and Analytics, 5,4,285-300,2018,Springer International Publishing}